The weather today is sponsored by 'Probably'.
I trust the weather forecast about as much as I trust a cat with a laser pointer.
It's so cold, the politicians have their hands in their own pockets.
Today's forecast: 99% chance of me complaining about the weather.
The wind just tried to sell me a timeshare.
It's raining so hard, I saw a fish order an Uber.
Humidity is nature's way of telling you to stop trying.
The sun is just a cosmic bully with a magnifying glass.
I'm not saying it's windy, but a chicken just flew by with a passport.
The clouds are having a staring contest, and we're all losing.
It's so hot, my shadow left me for a cooler person.
The barometer is just a mood ring for the sky.
Today's weather is experiencing technical difficulties. Please stand by.
I'm not a meteorologist, but you're going to need a bigger boat.
The sky is just a giant Etch A Sketch that God keeps shaking.
It's so foggy, I can't even see the point.
The forecast said 'light dusting'. It didn't specify of what. I'm thinking existential dread.
The wind sounds like a giant toddler who lost its pacifier.
My favorite season is 'Snack Weather'.
It's so dry, the trees are bribing the dogs.
The rain is just the sky's way of crying because it has to look at us.
I've decided to start a new political party based on accurate weather forecasting. We'll be called the 'Partly Clowdy Party'.
The sun called in sick today. The moon is covering its shift.
It's so cold, I saw a squirrel putting its nuts in a microwave.
The weather report is just the universe's daily horoscope.
I'm not saying it's hot, but two hobbits just threw a ring in my backyard.
The clouds are just fluffy, unemployed angels.
The weather is like a box of chocolates... you never know what you're gonna get, and it's probably going to be disappointing.
It's so windy, my car just got a speeding ticket while parked.
The rain is just the sky's way of watering its lawn.
I'm not a fan of the wind. It's always blowing things out of proportion.
The sun is just a giant light bulb that we can't turn off.
It's so cold, my coffee froze mid-sip.
The weather forecast is just a suggestion, right?
I'm not saying it's hot, but the devil just called to complain.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its art projects.
The weather is like my love life: unpredictable and mostly disappointing.
It's so windy, a scarecrow just asked for directions.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to stay inside and watch Netflix.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be dark tonight.
The sun is just a giant disco ball in the sky.
It's so cold, I'm shivering in my own skin.
The weather forecast is like a politician's promise: full of hot air.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a chicken lay a hard-boiled egg.
The clouds are just the sky's way of playing peek-a-boo.
The weather is like a toddler: it can go from sunny to stormy in a matter of seconds.
It's so windy, my toupee just flew to another state.
The rain is just the sky's way of giving us a free car wash.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure the sky is falling.
The sun is just a giant, fiery eyeball staring at us.
It's so cold, my tears are turning into tiny ice cubes.
The weather forecast is like a magic 8-ball: ask again later.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a fire hydrant chasing a dog.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing off its new haircut.
The weather is like a teenager: moody and unpredictable.
It's so windy, my kite just filed for divorce.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to take a shower.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be bright tomorrow.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic campfire.
It's so cold, my snot is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a game of Russian roulette: you never know what you're going to get.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a snail on fire.
The clouds are just the sky's way of giving us a hug.
The weather is like a baby: it can be cute one minute and a screaming mess the next.
It's so windy, my umbrella just joined a gang.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to go swimming.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be wet today.
The sun is just a giant, celestial orange.
It's so cold, my bones are rattling.
The weather forecast is like a lottery ticket: you're probably not going to win.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a cow giving evaporated milk.
The clouds are just the sky's way of playing dress-up.
The weather is like a cat: it does whatever it wants, whenever it wants.
It's so windy, my hat just flew to the moon.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to stay home and cuddle.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be cold tonight.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic flashlight.
It's so cold, my teeth are chattering.
The weather forecast is like a bad movie: you know how it's going to end, but you watch it anyway.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a fish learning to walk.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its dreams.
The weather is like a dog: it can be your best friend one minute and a total pain the next.
It's so windy, my hair just declared its independence.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to take a nap.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be dark in a few hours.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic heater.
It's so cold, my blood is turning to slush.
The weather forecast is like a good book: you can't put it down.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a cactus faint.
The clouds are just the sky's way of telling us stories.
The weather is like a rollercoaster: full of ups and downs.
It's so windy, my house just took off.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to dance.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be light in a few hours.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic nightlight.
It's so cold, my thoughts are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a bad dream: you can't wait for it to be over.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a thermometer have a meltdown.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its emotions.
The weather is like a puzzle: you have to piece it together to understand it.
It's so windy, my car just learned to fly.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to sing.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be daytime soon.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic alarm clock.
It's so cold, my soul is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good joke: it always makes you laugh.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a snowman hitchhiking to Alaska.
The clouds are just the sky's way of giving us a high-five.
The weather is like a song: it has its own rhythm and melody.
It's so windy, my dog just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be grateful for the sun.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime soon.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic spotlight.
It's so cold, my heart is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a bad relationship: you know you should leave, but you just can't.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a penguin buying an air conditioner.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its love.
The weather is like a painting: it's always changing and evolving.
It's so windy, my cat just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be still.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be dark eventually.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic disco ball.
It's so cold, my brain is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good friend: it's always there for you.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a polar bear wearing a bikini.
The clouds are just the sky's way of giving us a hug.
The weather is like a dance: it's always moving and grooving.
It's so windy, my bird just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to listen.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be light eventually.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic campfire.
It's so cold, my toes are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a bad habit: you know you should quit, but you just can't.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a fish on a bicycle.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its magic.
The weather is like a story: it has a beginning, a middle, and an end.
It's so windy, my hamster just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be quiet.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be daytime at some point.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic light switch.
It's so cold, my fingers are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good meal: you always want more.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a snake tying itself in a knot to get some shade.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its beauty.
The weather is like a journey: it's always taking you somewhere new.
It's so windy, my turtle just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be patient.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic oven.
It's so cold, my nose is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good movie: it has a great plot and a satisfying ending.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a chicken crossing the road to get to the fan.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its power.
The weather is like a dream: it's always changing and surprising you.
It's so windy, my snail just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be grateful.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be dark at some point.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic microwave.
It's so cold, my ears are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good song: it has a catchy tune and a great beat.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a squirrel using a nut as a fan.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its grace.
The weather is like a game: you have to play by the rules to win.
It's so windy, my worm just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be humble.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime eventually.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic toaster.
It's so cold, my lips are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good puzzle: you have to think to solve it.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a spider building its web in front of an air conditioner.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its wisdom.
The weather is like a teacher: it's always teaching you something new.
It's so windy, my ant just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be kind.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be dark at some point in the future.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic hairdryer.
It's so cold, my tongue is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good friend: it's always there for you, even when you don't want it to be.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a bee wearing a tiny sun hat.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its sense of humor.
The weather is like a comedian: it's always making you laugh.
It's so windy, my flea just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be happy.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point in the distant future.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic tanning bed.
It's so cold, my eyelashes are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good parent: it's always looking out for you.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a mosquito drinking a tiny margarita.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its imagination.
The weather is like an artist: it's always creating something new and beautiful.
It's so windy, my microbe just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be creative.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point in the very distant future.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic space heater.
It's so cold, my eyebrows are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good doctor: it's always telling you what's best for you.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a worm wearing tiny sunglasses.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its dreams.
The weather is like a musician: it's always playing a different tune.
It's so windy, my atom just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be inspired.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point in the extremely distant future.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic light bulb.
It's so cold, my hair is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good coach: it's always pushing you to be your best.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a dust bunny spontaneously combust.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its secrets.
The weather is like a detective: it's always solving a mystery.
It's so windy, my thought just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be curious.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point in the ridiculously distant future.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic firefly.
It's so cold, my memories are freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good book: it's full of twists and turns.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a shadow sweating.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its soul.
The weather is like a philosopher: it's always making you think.
It's so windy, my dream just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be thoughtful.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point in the absurdly distant future.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic candle.
It's so cold, my future is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good movie: it has a great soundtrack.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a ghost fanning itself.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its heart.
The weather is like a poet: it's always using beautiful language.
It's so windy, my hope just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be hopeful.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point in the unbelievably distant future.
The sun is just a giant, cosmic bonfire.
It's so cold, my past is freezing.
The weather forecast is like a good song: it gets stuck in your head.
I'm not saying it's hot, but I just saw a vampire burst into flames.
The clouds are just the sky's way of showing us its spirit.
The weather is like a dancer: it's always moving with grace and beauty.
It's so windy, my love just flew away.
The rain is just the sky's way of telling us to be loving.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be nighttime at some point in the fantastically distant future.